# Flashing custom firmware to artoo
This guide shows you how to flash a custom firmware onto artoo. Super useful if you've bricked it (see note at end) or have made a custom build. If you haven't already, you should see [building artoo's firmware](https://github.com/OpenSolo/documentation/new/master/artoo/build-artoo-firmware.md).

## Let's Start
Coming shortly...

## Bricked artoo?
If you've soft bricked artoo it's normally pretty easy to fix. This generally happens when a bad `artoo.bin` is genereated by solo-builder then flashed. This method only works if that is what has happened. Also note a factory reset _does not fix this_ as it just reflashes the dodgy `.bin` file again.

#### Check your artoo.bin file size (optional)
If you want to make sure this is the reason artoo got bricked you can check the artoo.bin file generated by solo-builder.  Decompress the complete artoo tarball. (normally called `3dr-controller.tar.gz`) Inside is a `3dr-controller-imx6solo-3dr-artoo.squashfs` file.  Open that file with the ubuntu archive manager and look inside the `/firmware` directory.  You should see a file that looks like `artoo_x.x.x.bin`.  If it's size is *0 bytes* you have a dodgy build.

#### Download "good" copy of artoo.bin
> This file is provided for use at your own risk.

This link is a copy of the "good" artoo.bin file I found on my artoo. This may or may not work on your controller but it is worth a try if your builds keep failing to produce a good `artoo.bin`.
Download "good" [artoo.bin]()
